Q - Can I design a RESTful service based on some other protocol (such as raw TCP) Or does it must to use HTTP in REST?
A - The short answer is that a RESTful service does generally imply HTTP, but it's not strictly necessary.
    The wikipedia entry includes a section on implementations outside the web, though it's pretty brief and really only talks about Common Management Information Protocol (CMIP).
    Realistically, to most developers, RESTful services operate over HTTP.

Q - Why/How SOAP is Stateful?
A - Basically Stateful means that server stores information about the client and uses that information over a series of requests.
    So performing one request is dependant upon the state of some other request (e.g. previous). Implementing this is possible with
    http protocols.
    So you can have stateful or stateless SOAP - it's only a matter of how you design it.
    Also please note that comparing SOAP and REST is not really correct. The first one is basically Protocol
    (or at least it's trying to be) and REST is just a architecture pattern/style.

Q - Which is more secure: SOAP OR REST?
A - REST security is transport dependent while SOAP security is not.
    REST inherits security measures from the underlying transport while SOAP defines its own via WS-Security.
    When we talk about REST, over HTTP - all security measures applied HTTP are inherited and this is known as transport level 
    security.
    Transport level security, secures your message only while its on the wire - as soon as it leaves the wire, the message is 
    no more secured.
    But, with WS-Security, its message level security - even though the message leaves the transport channel it will be still 
    protected. Also - with message level security you can partly encrypt the message [not the entire message, but only the parts
    you want] - but with transport level security you can't do it.
    WS-Security has measures for authentication, integrity, confidentiality and non-repudiation while SSL doesn't support non
    repudiation [with 2-legged OAuth it does].
    In performance-wise SSL is very much faster than WS-Security.