- According to biology POLYMORPHISM is an organism/species which have different forms. 
e.g. A Deer IS-A Animal
     A Deer IS-A Vegetarian
     A Deer IS-A Deer
     A Deer IS-A Object
- Polymorphism is an object oriented or OOPS concept like Abstraction, Encapsulation or Inheritance which facilitate the 
  use of the interface and allows Java program to take advantage of dynamic binding in Java. Polymorphism is also a way through
  which a Type can behave differently than expected based upon which kind of Object it is pointing. Overloading and overriding
  are two forms of Polymorphism available in Java.

- There are two types of polymorphism – Compile Time Polymorphism and Runtime Polymorphism.

-  Compile time polymorphism is achieved by METHOD OVERLOADING.
...Suppose we have multiple draw methods with different parameters. draw(), draw(arg1), draw(arg1, arg2)
...This is a case of method overloading because all the methods name is same and arguments are different.
...Here compiler will be able to identify the method to invoke at compile time, hence it’s called compile time polymorphism.

-  Runtime polymorphism is implemented when we have “IS-A” relationship between objects. This is also called as METHOD OVERRIDING
...because subclass has to override the superclass method for runtime polymorphism. If we are working in terms of superclass, 
...the actual implementation class is decided at runtime. Compiler is not able to decide which class method will be invoked. 
...This decision is done at runtime, hence the name as runtime polymorphism or dynamic method dispatch. E.G.

        public interface Shape {
                public void draw();
        }

        public class Circle implements Shape{
                @Override
                public void draw(){
                        System.out.println("Drwaing circle");
                }
        }

        public class Square implements Shape {
                @Override
                public void draw() {
                        System.out.println("Drawing Square");
                }
        }
...Shape is the superclass and there are two subclasses Circle and Square.
...In Any Class if you write

        Shape sh = new Circle();
        sh.draw();

...the compiler will go to the interface method draw() and will see nothing is implemented here as the method is implemented
...to the corresponding class e.g- here is Circle class. This polymorphism would be known in runtime and hence it is called
...runtime polymorphism



